feat: add pscredential and securestring (#283)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation: docs/documentation/functions/authentication/Request-VCFToken.md

Request-VCFToken -fqdn sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -username administrator@vsphere.local -password VMw@re1!
```

> This example shows how to connect to the specified SDDC Manager to request API access and refresh tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to connect to the specified SDDC Manager using a clear-text username and password.

```

### Example 2

```powershell
$secureString = Read-Host -AsSecureString 'Password'
Request-VCFToken -fqdn sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -username admin@local -password $secureString
```

> This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance using local account `admin@local`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to connect to the specified SDDC Manager instance by providing the password as a `SecureString`.

```

### Example 3

```powershell
Request-VCFToken -fqdn sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -username admin@local
```

> This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance using local account `admin@local`.
> The operator will be prompted for a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance.

The user will be prompted for a password.

```

### Example 4

```powershell
$credential = Get-credential
Request-VCFToken -fqdn sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io -credential $credential
```

> This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance using a PSCredential.

```

### Example 5

```powershell
Request-VCFToken -fqdn sfo-vcf01.sfo.rainpole.io
```

> This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance.
> The operator will be prompted for a username and password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to connect to the SDDC Manager instance.

The operator will be prompted for a username and password.

```

### -password

The password to authenticate to the SDDC Manager instance.

> This parameter takes either a string or a SecureString variable.
> If not specified, a SecureString variable will be prompted for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter takes either a string or a `SecureString` value.

If not specified, the user will be prompted for the `SecureString` value.

```
